=head1 NAME

My::Module - An example module

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use My::Module;
    my $object = My::Module->new();
    print $object->as_string;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module does not really exist, it
was made for the sole purpose of
demonstrating how POD works.

=head2 Attributes

=over 12

=item C<var1> -- HashRef

used as very important reference

=back

=head2 Methods

=over 12

=item C<new>

Returns a new My::Module object.

=item C<as_string>

Returns a stringified representation of
the object. This is mainly for debugging
purposes.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

Detailed description of each of the command-line options taken by the program.

=head1 RETURN VALUE/ERRORS/DIAGNOSTICS/ENVIRONMENT/FILES

If applicable any of the above mentioned sections.

=head1 BUGS/CAVEATS

tells about bugs or issues the user should know about.

=head1 RESTRICTIONS

Bugs you don't plan to fix. :-)

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

is where you thank bug fixers, testers and your parents.

=head1 COPYRIGHT/LICENSE

mentions copyright restrictions. Don't put the entire GPL there, though :)

This is released under the Artistic
License. See L<perlartistic>.

=head1 AVAILABILITY

says where newer versions can be pulled from.

=head1 AUTHOR

explains who made it, if COPYRIGHT didn't already do so.

=head1 SEE ALSO

additional ways to mark up:

I<text> -- italic text,
Used for emphasis ("be I<careful!>") and parameters ("redo I<LABEL>")

B<text> -- bold text,
Used for switches ("perl's B<-n> switch"), programs, emphasis ("be B<careful!>"),
and so on ("and that feature is known as B<autovivification>").

C<code> -- code text,
Renders code in a typewriter font, or gives some other indication that this
represents program text

F<filename> -- used for filenames,
Typically displayed in italics

S<text> -- text contains non-breaking spaces

L<name> -- a hyperlink,
see https://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod#Formatting-Codes

or send to other man pages: L<perlpod>, L<perlpodspec>

=cut
